Feature/dm 2992/change log for gateway scan node retry (#1959)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/opcua-10-20-42-0-opcua-gateway-scan-retry.md

---
date:

> title: OPC UA device gateway node scan retry properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Improved configuration for OPC UA device gateway node scan retries
```

Reviewer: Not sure here but the title should not just be a heading for the topic but a statement on what works better now

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-Tf05_KQ-B
    label: OPC UA
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-MLn0oFRX-
    label: opcua
ticket: DM-2992
version: 10.20.42.0
---

> Issue that caused ignore of OPC UA device gateway property that contains the count of retries for the node scan (`gateway.scanAddressSpace.retries`) is resolved.

Reviewer 2: The issue of the OPC UA device gateway property that contains the count of retires for the node scan (`gateway.scanAddressSpace.retries`)is being ignored has been resolved.   -> This still does not say by whom this is being ignored. For what is this relevant?

> Issue that caused ignore of OPC UA device gateway property that contains the count of retries for the node scan (`gateway.scanAddressSpace.retries`) is resolved.

Author: we didn't want to give too much technical details but basically that property was not effective and opcua-device-gateway still used default retry value.

> Issue that caused ignore of OPC UA device gateway property that contains the count of retries for the node scan (`gateway.scanAddressSpace.retries`) is resolved.

Reviewer 2: but then the problem is not the property itself being ignored but the count -> 
The issue of the count of retires for the node scan (gateway.scanAddressSpace.retries) that is stored in the OPC UA device gateway property is being ignored has been resolved.

> Issue that caused ignore of OPC UA device gateway property that contains the count of retries for the node scan (`gateway.scanAddressSpace.retries`) is resolved.

Author: done

> An issue has been resolved that the OPC UA device gateway property which contains the count of retries for the node scan (`gateway.scanAddressSpace.retries`) was ignored.

Author: ```suggestion
The issue of the count of retries for the node scan (`gateway.scanAddressSpace.retries`) that is stored in the OPC UA device gateway property is being ignored has been resolved.
```

> The issue of the count of retries for the node scan (`gateway.scanAddressSpace.retries`) that is stored in the OPC UA device gateway property is being ignored has been resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The issue that the count of retries for the node scan (`gateway.scanAddressSpace.retries`) stored in the OPC UA device gateway property is being ignored has been resolved.
```

> New OPC UA device gateway property is added that allows to configure pause length between retries (`gateway.scanAddressSpace.pauseMillisForRetry`) during address space scan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new OPC UA device gateway property has been added that allows to configure the pause length between retries (`gateway.scanAddressSpace.pauseMillisForRetry`) during the address space scan.
```

Reviewer 2: Why don't we say pause time? Pause length sounds a bit strange

Author: pause duration or pause time would be fine :)

> A new OPC UA device gateway property has been added that allows to configure the pause length between retries (`gateway.scanAddressSpace.pauseMillisForRetry`) during the address space scan.

Author: ```suggestion
A new OPC UA device gateway property has been added that allows to configure the pause time between retries (`gateway.scanAddressSpace.pauseMillisForRetry`) during the address space scan.
```
